Signs of the times are pointing to the Kingdom.
Good news we tell for all to hear.
Lift up your heads, and look to your salvation;
Time for deliverance is near!
The joy of Jehovah is our stronghold.
Sing loud, and raise a joyful cry.
Rejoice in the hope, and show a grateful heart,
All give praise and laud our God on high.
The joy of Jehovah is our stronghold.
His greatness all must come to know.
With constant devotion to our God and King,
Godly joy in service we will show.
Joy of Jehovah
The joy of Jehovah is our stronghold.
Sing loud, and raise a joyful cry.
Rejoice in the hope, and show a grateful heart,
All give praise and laud our God on high.
The joy of Jehovah is our stronghold.
His greatness all must come to know.
With constant devotion to our God and King,
Godly joy in service we will show.
Joy of Jehovah